# Amendment

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AutoRenew** | **bool** |  Determines whether the subscription is automatically renewed, or whether it expires at the end of the term and needs to be manually renewed. **Required:** For amendment of type TermsAndConditions when changing the automatic renewal status of a subscription.   **Values**: true, false  | [optional] [default to null]
**Code** | **string** |  A unique alphanumeric string that identifies the amendment.   **Character limit**: 50  **Values**: one of the following:  - &#x60;null&#x60; generates a value automatically - A string  | [optional] [default to null]
**ContractEffectiveDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the amendment&#39;s changes become effective for billing purposes.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedById** | **string** |  The user ID of the person who created the amendment.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the amendment was created.   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CurrentTerm** | **int64** |  The length of the period for the current subscription term. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;.  **Required**: Only if the value of the Type field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60; and TermType is set to &#x60;TERMED&#x60;. This field is not required if &#x60;TermType&#x60; is set to &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.   **Values**: a valid number  | [optional] [default to null]
**CurrentTermPeriodType** | **string** |  The period type for the current subscription term.  **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60;   **Note**:  - This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. - This field is used with the CurrentTerm field to specify the current subscription term.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerAcceptanceDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the customer accepts the amendment&#39;s changes to the subscription. Use this field if [Zuora is configured to require customer acceptance in Z-Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/W_Billing_and_Payments_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings). **Required**: Only if the value of the Status field is set to PendingAcceptance.   | [optional] [default to null]
**Description** | **string** |  A description of the amendment.   **Character limit**: 500  **Values**: maximum 500 characters  | [optional] [default to null]
**DestinationAccountId** | **string** |  The ID of the account that the subscription is being transferred to.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid account ID  | [optional] [default to null]
**DestinationInvoiceOwnerId** | **string** |  The ID of the invoice that the subscription is being transferred to.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid invoice ID  | [optional] [default to null]
**EffectiveDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the amendment&#39;s changes take effective. This field validates that the amendment&#39;s changes are within valid ranges of products and product rate plans. **Required**: For the cancellation amendments. Optional for other types of amendments.   | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** |  The name of the amendment.   **Character limit**: 100  **Values**: a string of 100 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**RatePlanData** | [**AmendmentRatePlanData**](Amendment_RatePlanData.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**RenewalSetting** | **string** |  Specifies whether a termed subscription will remain termed or change to evergreen when it is renewed. **Required**: If TermType is Termed  **Values**: RENEW_WITH_SPECIFIC_TERM (default), RENEW_TO_EVERGREEN  | [optional] [default to null]
**RenewalTerm** | **int64** |  The term of renewal for the amended subscription. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Required**: Only if the value of the &#x60;Type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;.    **Values:** a valid number  | [optional] [default to null]
**RenewalTermPeriodType** | **string** |  The period type for the subscription renewal term. This field can be updated when Status is &#x60;Draft&#x60;. **Required**: Only if the value of the Type field is set to &#x60;TermsAndConditions&#x60;. This field is used with the RenewalTerm field to specify the subscription renewal term.   **Values**:  - &#x60;Month&#x60; (default) - &#x60;Year&#x60; - &#x60;Day&#x60; - &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceActivationDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when service is activated. Use this field if [Zuora is configured to require service activation in Z-Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/W_Billing_and_Payments_Settings/Define_Default_Subscription_Settings).  **Required**: Only if the value of the &#x60;Status&#x60; field is set to &#x60;PendingActivation&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SpecificUpdateDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date when the UpdateProduct amendment takes effect. This field is only applicable if there is already a future-dated UpdateProduct amendment on the subscription.   **Required**: Only for the UpdateProduct amendments if there is already a future-dated UpdateProduct amendment on the subscription.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** |  The status of the amendment. Type: string (enum)    **Values**: one of the following:  - Draft (default, if left null) - Pending Activation - Pending Acceptance - Completed  | [optional] [default to null]
**SubscriptionId** | **string** |  The ID of the subscription that the amendment changes.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: a valid subscription ID  | [optional] [default to null]
**TermStartDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the new terms and conditions take effect. **Required**: Only if the value of the Type field is set to TermsAndConditions.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TermType** | **string** |  Indicates if the subscription isTERMED or EVERGREEN.  - A TERMED subscription has an expiration date, and must be manually renewed. - An EVERGREEN subscription doesn&#39;t have an expiration date, and must be manually ended.  **Required**: Only when as part of an amendment of type TermsAndConditions &amp;#65279;to change the term type of a subscription. Type: string  **Character limit**: 9  **Values**: TERMED, EVERGREEN  | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** |  The type of amendment.   **Character limit**: 18    **Values**: one of the following:  - Cancellation - NewProduct - OwnerTransfer - RemoveProduct - Renewal - UpdateProduct - TermsAndConditions - SuspendSubscription (This value is in **Limited Availability**.) - ResumeSubscription (This value is in **Limited Availability**.)  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedById** | **string** |  The ID of the user who last updated the amendment.   **Character limit**: 32  **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the amendment was last updated.   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


