# GetBillingPreviewRunResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AssumeRenewal** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Batch** | **string** | The customer batch included in the billing preview run.   | [optional] [default to null]
**ChargeTypeToExclude** | **string** | The charge types excluded from the forecast run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedById** | **string** | The ID of the user who created the billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedDate** | **string** | The date and time when the billing preview run was created.  | [optional] [default to null]
**EndDate** | **string** | The date and time when the billing preview run completes.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ErrorMessage** | **string** | The error message generated by a failed billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**IncludingEvergreenSubscription** | **bool** | Indicates if evergreen subscriptions are included in the billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ResultFileUrl** | **string** | The URL of the zipped CSV result file generated by the billing preview run. This file contains the preview invoice item data and credit memo item data for the specified customers.  **Note:** The credit memo item data is only available if you have Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled. The Advanced AR Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  | [optional] [default to null]
**RunNumber** | **string** | The run number of the billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**StartDate** | **string** | The date and time when the billing preview run starts.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | The status of the &gt;billing preview run.  **Possible values:**   * 0: Pending * 1: Processing * 2: Completed * 3: Error * 4: Canceled  | [optional] [default to null]
**SucceededAccounts** | **int32** | The number of accounts for which preview invoice item data and credit memo item data was successfully generated during the billing preview run.  **Note:** The credit memo item data is only available if you have Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled. The Advanced AR Settlement feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  | [optional] [default to null]
**Success** | **bool** | Returns &#x60;true&#x60; if the request was processed successfully. | [optional] [default to null]
**TargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The target date for the billing preview run.            | [optional] [default to null]
**TotalAccounts** | **int32** | The total number of accounts in the billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedById** | **string** | The ID of the user who last updated the billing preview run.  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time when the billing preview run was last updated.  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


