# PostAccountType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | A unique account number, up to 50 characters that do not begin with the default account number prefix.  If no account number is specified, one is generated.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AdditionalEmailAddresses** | **[]string** | A list of additional email addresses to receive emailed invoices. Use a comma to separate each email address.  **Note:** Invoices are emailed to the email addresses specified in this field only when the &#x60;invoiceDeliveryPrefsEmail&#x60; field is &#x60;true&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ApplyCreditBalance** | **bool** | Applies a credit balance to an invoice.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the credit balance is applied to the invoice. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  Prerequisite: &#x60;invoice&#x60; must be &#x60;true&#x60;.  To view the credit balance adjustment, retrieve the details of the invoice using the Get Invoices method.   **Note:**    - If you are using the field &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; rather than the field &#x60;invoice&#x60;, the &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; value must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   - This field is deprecated if you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled.   | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoPay** | **bool** | Specifies whether future payments are to be automatically billed when they are due. Possible values are: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Batch** | **string** | The alias name given to a batch. A string of 50 characters or less.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillCycleDay** | **int64** | The account&#39;s bill cycle day (BCD), when bill runs generate invoices for the account.  Specify any day of the month (1-31, where 31 &#x3D; end-of-month), or 0 for auto-set.  Required if no subscription will be created.   Optional if a subscription is created and defaults to the day-of-the-month of the subscription&#39;s &#x60;contractEffectiveDate&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillToContact** | [**PostAccountTypeBillToContact**](POSTAccountType_billToContact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Collect** | **string** | Collects an automatic payment for a subscription. The collection generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.  If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, the automatic payment is collected. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.  The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;.  Prerequisite: invoice must be &#x60;true&#x60;.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 196.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CommunicationProfileId** | **string** | The ID of a communication profile.           | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCard** | [**PostAccountTypeCreditCard**](POSTAccountType_creditCard.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**CrmId** | **string** | CRM account ID for the account, up to 100 characters.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Currency** | **string** | A currency as defined in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  | [default to null]
**CustomFieldC** | **string** | Any custom fields defined for this object. The custom field name is case-sensitive.  | [optional] [default to null]
**HpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId** | **string** | The ID of the HPM credit card payment method associated with this account. You must provide either this field or the &#x60;creditCard&#x60; structure, but not both.  **Note:** Non-credit card payment methods are not supported.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Invoice** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;runBilling&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoice&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.    Creates an invoice for a subscription. The invoice generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   If the value is &#x60;true&#x60;, an invoice is created. If the value is &#x60;false&#x60;, no action is taken.   The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;.    This field is in REST API minor version control. To use this field in the method, you can set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header. Supported minor versions are &#x60;196.0&#x60; and &#x60;207.0&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceCollect** | **bool** | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;invoice&#x60; field and the &#x60;collect&#x60; field. &#x60;invoiceCollect&#x60; is available only for backward compatibility.  If &#x60;true&#x60; (default), and a subscription is created, an invoice is generated at account creation time and payment is immediately collected using the account&#39;s default payment method.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceDeliveryPrefsEmail** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive invoices through email.   The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceDeliveryPrefsPrint** | **bool** | Whether the customer wants to receive printed invoices, such as through postal mail.  The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceTargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | **Note:** This field has been replaced by the &#x60;targetDate&#x60; field. The &#x60;invoiceTargetDate&#x60; field is only available for backward compatibility.     Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.   This field is in REST API minor version control. To use this field in the method, you can set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header. Supported minor versions are &#x60;207.0&#x60; and earlier.   | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceTemplateId** | **string** | Invoice template ID, configured in Billing Settings in the Zuora UI.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | Account name, up to 255 characters.  | [default to null]
**Notes** | **string** | A string of up to 65,535 characters.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentGateway** | **string** | The name of the payment gateway instance. If null or left unassigned, the Account will use the Default Gateway.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentTerm** | **string** | Payment terms for this account. Possible values are: &#x60;Due Upon Receipt&#x60;, &#x60;Net 30&#x60;, &#x60;Net 60&#x60;, &#x60;Net 90&#x60;.  | [optional] [default to null]
**RunBilling** | **bool** | Creates an invoice for a subscription. If you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created based on the [invoice and credit memo generation rule.](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Advanced_AR_Settlement/Credit_and_Debit_Memos/Rules_for_Generating_Invoices_and_Credit_Memos).    The billing documents generated in this operation is only for this subscription, not for the entire customer account.   Possible values:  - &#x60;true&#x60;: An invoice is created. If you have the Advanced AR Settlement feature enabled, a credit memo might also be created.   - &#x60;false&#x60;: No invoice is created.   **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SoldToContact** | [**PostAccountTypeSoldToContact**](POSTAccountType_soldToContact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Subscription** | [**PostAccountTypeSubscription**](POSTAccountType_subscription.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Tagging** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice or a credit memo is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.  **Note:** The credit memo is only available only if you have the Avdanced AR Settlement feature enabled.  This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are &#x60;211.0&#x60; and later. To use this field in the method, you must set the  &#x60;zuora-version&#x60; parameter to the minor version number in the request header.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TaxInfo** | [**PostAccountTypeTaxInfo**](POSTAccountType_taxInfo.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


