# PostSubscriptionPreviewType

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**OpportunityCloseDateQT** | **string** | The closing date of the Opportunity. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] [default to null]
**OpportunityNameQT** | **string** | The unique identifier of the Opportunity. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] [default to null]
**QuoteBusinessTypeQT** | **string** | The specific identifier for the type of business transaction the Quote represents such as New, Upsell, Downsell, Renewal, or Churn. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] [default to null]
**QuoteNumberQT** | **string** | The unique identifier of the Quote. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] [default to null]
**QuoteTypeQT** | **string** | The Quote type that represents the subscription lifecycle stage such as New, Amendment, Renew or Cancel. This field is populated when the subscription originates from Zuora Quotes.  This field is used only for reporting subscription metrics.    | [optional] [default to null]
**AccountKey** | **string** |  Customer account number or ID.  You must specify the account information either in this field or in the &#x60;previewAccountInfo&#x60; field with the following conditions:           * If you already have a customer account, specify the account number or ID in this field. * If you do not have a customer account, provide account information in the &#x60;previewAccountInfo&#x60; field.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ContractEffectiveDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Effective contract date for this subscription, as yyyy-mm-dd.  | [default to null]
**CustomerAcceptanceDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date on which the services or products within a subscription have been accepted by the customer, as yyyy-mm-dd.  Default value is dependent on the value of other fields. See **Notes** section for more details.  | [optional] [default to null]
**IncludeExistingDraftDocItems** | **bool** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in subscription previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 207.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the **zuora-version** parameter to the minor version number in the request header. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**IncludeExistingDraftInvoiceItems** | **bool** | Specifies whether to include draft invoice items in previews. Values are:  * &#x60;true&#x60; (default). Includes draft invoice items in the preview result. * &#x60;false&#x60;. Excludes draft invoice items in the preview result.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InitialTerm** | **int64** | Duration of the first term of the subscription, in whole months. Default is &#x60;0&#x60;. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, then this field is required, and the value must be greater than &#x60;0&#x60;. If &#x60;termType&#x60; is &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;, this field is ignored.  | [optional] [default to null]
**InitialTermPeriodType** | **string** | The period type of the initial term.   Supported values are:  * &#x60;Month&#x60; * &#x60;Year&#x60; * &#x60;Day&#x60; * &#x60;Week&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceOwnerAccountKey** | **string** | Invoice owner account number or ID.  **Note:** This feature is in **Limited Availability**. If you wish to have access to the feature, submit a request at [Zuora Global Support](http://support.zuora.com/).  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceTargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 186.0, 187.0, 188.0, 189.0, and 196.0. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Notes** | **string** | String of up to 500 characters. | [optional] [default to null]
**PreviewAccountInfo** | [**PostSubscriptionPreviewTypePreviewAccountInfo**](POSTSubscriptionPreviewType_previewAccountInfo.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PreviewType** | **string** | The type of preview you will receive.   This field is in Zuora REST API version control. The supported values of this field depend on the REST API minor version you specified in the request header.   * If you do not specify the REST API minor version or specify the minor version number to one of following values in the request header:     * 186.0   * 187.0   * 188.0   * 189.0   * 196.0       The following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    * InvoiceItem   * ChargeMetrics   * InvoiceItemChargeMetrics      The default value is InvoiceItem.  * If you specify the REST API minor version to 207.0 or later in the request header, the following values are supported in the **previewType** field:    - LegalDoc   - ChargeMetrics   - LegalDocChargeMetrics    The default value is LegalDoc.  See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ServiceActivationDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date on which the services or products within a subscription have been activated and access has been provided to the customer, as yyyy-mm-dd.  Default value is dependent on the value of other fields. See **Notes** section for more details.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SubscribeToRatePlans** | [**[]PostSrpCreateType**](POSTSrpCreateType.md) | Container for one or more rate plans for this subscription.  | [default to null]
**TargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Date through which to calculate charges if an invoice is generated, as yyyy-mm-dd. Default is current date.  **Note:** This field is in Zuora REST API version control. Supported minor versions are 207.0 or later. To use this field in the method, you must set the **zuora-version** parameter to the minor version number in the request header. See [Zuora REST API Versions](https://www.zuora.com/developer/api-reference/#section/API-Versions) for more information.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TermStartDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date on which the subscription term begins, as yyyy-mm-dd. If this is a renewal subscription, this date is different from the subscription start date.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TermType** | **string** | Possible values are: &#x60;TERMED&#x60;, &#x60;EVERGREEN&#x60;.  | [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


