# ProxyGetBillRun

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** | ID of the account used for single account bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoEmail** | **bool** | Determines whether to auto send email or not once the bill run completes.  **Note:** You must enable the [Support Bill Run Auto-Post Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Billing_Rules) rule to pass this field.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoPost** | **bool** | Determines whether to auto post bill run or not once the bill run completes.  **Note:** You must enable the [Support Bill Run Auto-Post Billing](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/Billing_Settings/Define_Billing_Rules) rule to pass this field.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoRenewal** | **bool** | Determines whether to auto renew subscription or not by this bill run once the bill run completes.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Batch** | **string** | Batch of accounts for this bill run.   **Character limit:** 20  **Values:** AllBatches or Batchn where n is a number between 1 and 50.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillCycleDay** | **string** | The day of the bill cycle.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** &#x60;AllBillCycleDays&#x60; or 01 - 31.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillRunNumber** | **string** | Number of the bill run.  **Character limit:** 50  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedById** | **string** | The user ID of the person who created the bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated           | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time when the bill run was created.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated             | [optional] [default to null]
**ExecutedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time when the bill run was executed.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** | ID of the object.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Invoice date for this bill run.  **Character limit:** 29  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoicesEmailed** | **bool** | Indicates whether the invoice has been sent or not.   **Values:** automatically generated             | [optional] [default to null]
**LastEmailSentTime** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The last time emails were sent for this bill run.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**NoEmailForZeroAmountInvoice** | **bool** | Determines whether to suppress email for invoices with zero total or not for this bill run once the bill run completes. (Do not email invoices with 0 Invoice Total).  | [optional] [default to null]
**NumberOfAccounts** | **int64** | The number of accounts processed by this bill run.  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**NumberOfInvoices** | **int64** | The number of invoices generated by this  run.  **Values:** automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | The status  for this bill run. See [Status Types](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/J_Billing_Operations/G_Bill_Runs#Status_Types) for more information.  **Character limit:** 20  **Values:**     * &#x60;Pending&#x60;   * &#x60;Processing&#x60;   * &#x60;Completed&#x60;   * &#x60;Error&#x60;   * &#x60;Canceled&#x60;   * &#x60;Posted&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**TargetDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Target date for this bill run. See [Create Bill Run](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/J_Billing_Operations/G_Bill_Runs/Creating_Bill_Runs) for more information.  **Character limit:** 29  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedById** | **string** | The user ID of the person who last updated the bill run.  **Character limit:** 32  **Values:** automatically generated           | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date and time when the bill run was last updated.  **Character limit:** 29  **Values:** automatically generated   | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


