# SubscribeRequestPaymentMethod

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** |  The ID of the customer account associated with this payment method.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAbaCode** | **string** |  The nine-digit routing number or ABA number used by banks. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 9   **Values**: a string of 9 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountName** | **string** |  The name of the account holder, which can be either a person or a company. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 70   **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountNumber** | **string** |  The bank account number associated with the ACH payment. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 30   **Values**: a string of 30 numeric characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountNumberMask** | **string** |  This is a masked displayable version of the ACH account number, used for security purposes. For example: &#x60;XXXXXXXXX54321&#x60;. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAccountType** | **string** |  The type of bank account associated with the ACH payment. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 16   **Values**:  - &#x60;BusinessChecking&#x60; - &#x60;Checking&#x60; - &#x60;Saving&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAddress1** | **string** |  Line 1 for the ACH address. Required on create for the Vantiv payment gateway. Optional for other gateways. **Character limit:** **Values:** an address  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchAddress2** | **string** |  Line 2 for the ACH address. Required on create for the Vantiv payment gateway. Optional for other gateways. **Character limit:** **Values:** an address  | [optional] [default to null]
**AchBankName** | **string** |  The name of the bank where the ACH payment account is held. Use this field for ACH payment methods.   **Character limit**: 70   **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**Active** | **bool** |  Specifies whether a payment method is available in Zuora. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.   **Character limit**: 5   **Values**: &#x60;true&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankBranchCode** | **string** |  The branch code of the bank used for direct debit. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 10   **Values**:  string of 10 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankCheckDigit** | **string** | The check digit in the international bank account number, which confirms the validity of the account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.  **Character limit**: 4   **Values**:  string of 4 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankCity** | **string** |  The city of the direct debit bank. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:70   **Values**:  string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankCode** | **string** |  The sort code or number that identifies the bank. This is also known as the sort code. This field is required for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 18   **Values**:  string of 18 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankIdentificationNumber** | **string** |  The first six digits of the payment method&#39;s number, such as the credit card number or account number. Banks use this number to identify a payment method.   **Character limit**: 6   **Values**:  string of 6 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankName** | **string** |  The name of the direct debit bank. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:80   **Values**:  string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankPostalCode** | **string** |  The zip code or postal code of the direct debit bank. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:20   **Values**:  string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankStreetName** | **string** |  The name of the street of the direct debit bank. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:60   **Values**:  string of 60 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankStreetNumber** | **string** |  The number of the direct debit bank. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:10   **Values**:  string of 10 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankTransferAccountName** | **string** |  The name on the direct debit bank account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 60   **Values**:  string of 60 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankTransferAccountNumber** | **string** |  The number of the customer&#39;s bank account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:30   **Values**:  string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankTransferAccountNumberMask** | **string** |  This is a masked displayable version of the ACH account number, used for security purposes. For example: &#x60;XXXXXXXXX54321&#x60;.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankTransferAccountType** | **string** |  The type of the customer&#39;s bank account. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 11   **Values**: &#x60;DirectDebit&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**BankTransferType** | **string** |  Specifies the type of direct debit transfer. The value of this field is dependent on the country of the user. Use this field is used for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 20   **Values**:  - &#x60;AutomatischIncasso&#x60; (NL) - &#x60;LastschriftDE&#x60; (Germany) - &#x60;LastschriftAT&#x60; (Austria) - &#x60;DemandeDePrelevement&#x60; (FR) - &#x60;DirectDebitUK&#x60; (UK) - &#x60;Domicil&#x60; (Belgium) - &#x60;LastschriftCH&#x60; (CH) - &#x60;RID&#x60; (Italy) - &#x60;OrdenDeDomiciliacion&#x60; (Spain)  | [optional] [default to null]
**BusinessIdentificationCode** | **string** |  The business identification code for Swiss direct payment methods that use the Global Collect payment gateway. Use this field only for direct debit payments in Switzerland with Global Collect.   **Character limit**: 11   **Values**: string of 11 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**City** | **string** |  The city of the customer&#39;s address. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**:80   **Values**:  string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**Country** | **string** |  The two-letter country code of the customer&#39;s address. Use this field for direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 2   **Values**: a valid country code  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedById** | **string** |  The user ID of the person who created the &#x60;PaymentMethod&#x60; object when there is a login user in the user session. In Hosted Payment Method and Z-Checkout pages, this field is set to 3 as there is no login user to initiate a user session.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the &#x60;PaymentMethod&#x60; object was created in the Zuora system.   **Character limit**: 29   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardAddress1** | **string** |  The first line of the card holder&#39;s address, which is often a street address or business name. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 255   **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardAddress2** | **string** |  The second line of the card holder&#39;s address. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 255   **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardCity** | **string** |  The city of the card holder&#39;s address. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods  **Character limit**: 40   **Values**: a string of 40 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardCountry** | **string** |  The country of the card holder&#39;s address. | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardExpirationMonth** | **int32** |  The expiration month of the credit card or debit card. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 2   **Values**: a two-digit number, 01 - 12  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardExpirationYear** | **int32** |  The expiration month of the credit card or debit card. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 4   **Values**: a four-digit number  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardHolderName** | **string** |  The full name of the card holder. Use this field for credit card and direct debit payment methods.   **Character limit**: 50   **Values**: a string of 50 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardMaskNumber** | **string** |  A masked version of the credit or debit card number.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardNumber** | **string** |  The credit card or debit card number. This is an insert-only field; it cannot be updated nor queried for security purposes. This field is required only when you define a debit card or credit card payment.   **Character limit**: 16   **Values**: a string of 16 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardPostalCode** | **string** |  The billing address&#39;s zip code. This field is required only when you define a debit card or credit card payment.   **Character limit**: 20   **Values**: a string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardSecurityCode** | **string** |  The CVV or CVV2 security code. See [How do I control what information Zuora sends over to the Payment Gateway?](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/kb/How_do_I_control_information_sent_to_payment_gateways_when_verifying_payment_methods%3F) for more information. To ensure PCI compliance, this value is not stored and cannot be queried.   **Character limit**:   **Values**: a valid CVV or CVV2 security code  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardState** | **string** |  The billing address&#39;s state. Use this field is if the &#x60;CreditCardCountry&#x60; value is either Canada or the US. State names must be spelled in full.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CreditCardType** | **string** |  The type of credit card or debit card. This field is required only when you define a debit card or credit card payment.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: &#x60;AmericanExpress&#x60;, &#x60;Discover&#x60;, &#x60;MasterCard&#x60;, &#x60;Visa&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**DeviceSessionId** | **string** |  The session ID of the user when the &#x60;PaymentMethod&#x60; was created or updated. Some gateways use this field for fraud prevention. If this field is passed to Zuora, then Zuora passes this field to supported gateways. Currently only Verifi supports this field.   **Character limit**: 255   **Values**:  | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** |  An email address for the payment method in addition to the bill to contact email address.   **Character limit**: 80   **Values**: a string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**ExistingMandate** | **string** |  Indicates if the customer has an existing mandate or a new mandate. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. When you are migrating mandates from another system, be sure to set this field correctly. If you indicate that a new mandate is an existing mandate or vice-versa, then transactions fail. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 3   **Values**: &#x60;Yes&#x60;, &#x60;No&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**FirstName** | **string** |  The customer&#39;s first name. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 30   **Values**: a string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**GatewayOptionData** | [**SubscribeRequestPaymentMethodGatewayOptionData**](SubscribeRequest_PaymentMethod_GatewayOptionData.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**IBAN** | **string** |  The International Bank Account Number. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 42   **Values**: a string of 42 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**IPAddress** | **string** |  The IP address of the user when the payment method was created or updated. Some gateways use this field for fraud prevention. If this field is passed to Zuora, then Zuora passes this field to supported gateways. Currently PayPal, CyberSource, Authorize.Net, and Verifi support this field.   **Character limit**: 15   **Values**: a string of 15 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**Id** | **string** |  The ID of this object. Upon creation, the ID of this object is &#x60;PaymentMethodId&#x60;.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**LastFailedSaleTransactionDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date of the last failed attempt to collect payment with this payment method.   **Character limit**: 29   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**LastName** | **string** |  The customer&#39;s last name. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 70   **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**LastTransactionDateTime** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date of the most recent transaction.   **Character limit**: 29   **Values**: a valid date and time value  | [optional] [default to null]
**LastTransactionStatus** | **string** |  The status of the most recent transaction.   **Character limit**: 39   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**MandateCreationDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the mandate was created, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 29    | [optional] [default to null]
**MandateID** | **string** |  The ID of the mandate. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 36   **Values**: a string of 36 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**MandateReceived** | **string** |  Indicates if  the mandate was received. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 3   **Values**: &#x60;Yes&#x60;, &#x60;No &#x60;(case-sensitive)  | [optional] [default to null]
**MandateUpdateDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the mandate was last updated, in &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60; format. A mandate is a signed authorization for UK and NL customers. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 29    | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxConsecutivePaymentFailures** | **int32** |  Specifies the number of allowable consecutive failures Zuora attempts with the payment method before stopping.    **Values**: a valid number  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** |  Create Query Delete Filter  | [optional] [default to null]
**NumConsecutiveFailures** | **int32** |  The number of consecutive failed payment for this payment method. It is reset to 0 upon successful payment. You can use the API to update the field value to 0.   **Character limit**:   **Values**: a positive whole number  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentMethodStatus** | **string** |  Specifies the status of the payment method. It is set to Active on creation.   **Character limit**: 6   **Values**: &#x60;Active&#x60; or &#x60;Closed&#x60; PaymentMethodStatus should not be used in the &#x60;create &#x60; call. You can only set this field to **Closed** via the &#x60;update &#x60; call.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentRetryWindow** | **int32** |  The retry interval setting, which prevents making a payment attempt if the last failed attempt was within the last specified number of hours. This field is required if the &#x60;UseDefaultRetryRule&#x60; field value is set to &#x60;false&#x60;.   **Character limit**: 4   **Values**: a whole number between 1 and 1000, exclusive  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaypalBaid** | **string** |  The PayPal billing agreement ID, which is a contract between two PayPal accounts. Typically, the selling party initiates a request to create a BAID, and sends it to buying party for acceptance. The seller can keep track of the BAID and use it for future charges against the buyer. This field is required when defining a PayPal payment method.   **Character limit**: 64   **Values**: a string of 64 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaypalEmail** | **string** |  The email address associated with the account holder&#39;s PayPal account or of the PayPal account of the person paying for the service. This field is required only when you define a PayPal payment method.   **Character limit**: 80   **Values**: a string of 80 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaypalPreapprovalKey** | **string** |  PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments API key. Zuora does not create this key, nor does it call PayPal to generate it. You must use PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments&#39; API to generate this key, and then pass it to Zuora. Zuora uses this key to authorize future payments to PayPal&#39;s Adaptive Payments API. This field is required when you use PayPal Adaptive Payments gateway.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: a valid PayPal Adaptive Payment pre-approval key  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaypalType** | **string** |  Specifies the PayPal gateway: PayFlow Pro (Express Checkout) or Adaptive Payments. This field is required when you use PayPal Adaptive Payments or Payflow Pro (Express Checkout) gateways.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: &#x60;ExpressCheckout&#x60;, &#x60;AdaptivePayments&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**Phone** | **string** |  The phone number that the account holder registered with the bank. This field is used for credit card validation when passing to a gateway.   **Character limit**: 40   **Values**: a string of 40 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**PostalCode** | **string** |  The zip code of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 20   **Values**: a string of 20 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**SecondTokenId** | **string** |  A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data. SecondTokenId is conditionally required only when TokenID is being used to represent a gateway customer profile. SecondTokenId is used in the CC Reference Transaction payment method.  **Character limit**: 64   **Values**: a string of 64 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**SkipValidation** | **bool** |  Creates the payment method even if authorization fails with the payment gateway.   **Character limit**: 5   **Values**: &#x60;t&#x60;&#x60;rue&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** |  The state of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 70   **Values**: a string of 70 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**StreetName** | **string** |  The street name of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 100   **Values**: a string of 100 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**StreetNumber** | **string** |  The street number of the customer&#39;s address. This field is used only for the direct debit payment method.   **Character limit**: 30   **Values**: a string of 30 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**TokenId** | **string** |  A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data or represents a gateway&#39;s unique customer profile. When TokenId is used to represent a customer profile, then SecondTokenId is conditionally required for representing the underlying tokenized payment method. TokenId is required for the CC Reference Transaction payment method.   **Character limit**: 255   **Values**: a string of 255 characters or fewer  | [optional] [default to null]
**TotalNumberOfErrorPayments** | **int32** |  The number of error payments that used this payment method.   **Character limit**:   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**TotalNumberOfProcessedPayments** | **int32** |  The number of successful payments that used this payment method.   **Character limit**:   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**Type_** | **string** |  Create Query Update Delete Filter  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedById** | **string** |  The ID of the user who last updated the payment method.   **Character limit**: 32   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) |  The date when the payment method was last updated.   **Character limit**: 29   **Values**: automatically generated  | [optional] [default to null]
**UseDefaultRetryRule** | **bool** |  Determines whether to use the default retry rules configured in the [Z-Payments settings](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/L_Payment_Methods/H_Configure_Payment_Method_Retry_Rules). Set this to &#x60;true&#x60; to use the default retry rules. Set this to &#x60;false&#x60; to set the specific rules for this payment method. If you set this value to &#x60;false&#x60;, then the fields, &#x60;PaymentRetryWindow&#x60; and &#x60;MaxConsecutivePaymentFailures&#x60;, are required.   **Character limit**: 5   **Values**: &#x60;t&#x60;&#x60;rue&#x60;, &#x60;false&#x60;  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


